=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 19=
Milady.
Did Mr. Chang upset you?.
No.
Don't mention him.
Something feels off.
Alright, I'm tired.
Gonna sleep.
Something's off. Something's off.
Something's off.
(Carefree)
When
the Young Master arrives later,
everyone smile.
Make it cheerful
and sweet.
Make our Young Master
so happy
he's over the moon.
Make him so happy
Smile.
Master You, if you're tired of living,
just say so.
Mr. Mu.
Mr. Mu, calm down.
Elder Yan said
you've been working hard.
It's unwise to be without a maid.
We picked some
cheerful girls.
Mr. Mu, just choose one.
Mr. Mu.
I'm from Qinglong Altar.
Long heard of your fame.
Seeing you today,
a poem popped into my head.
"A face that charms,
a soul like orchids."
"So bold and bright,
all blooms are swayed."
Poetry on the spot.
What a talent.
I'm from Xuanwu Altar.
I don't know much.
All need your guidance, Mr. Mu.
Mr. Mu.
Your robe is wrinkled.
Let me take it back.
I'll iron it with heated blue stone.
Dutiful and virtuous.
This fabric is amazing.
Take them all.
All of them?
Mr. Mu.
Elder Yan said
you can only pick one.
One?
Fine.
Then I choose Xing.
Come on, leave now.
Hurry, leave!
Mr. Mu doesn't need servants anymore.
One.
Zhao, tell us.
What's the demon sect like?
Zhao.
Do they really
eat raw meat and drink blood daily?
- Three.
- Yeah.
Yes.
They're much like us.
- Work at sunrise.
- One.
Rest at sunset.
After harvest,
they trade at the marketplace.
They're just ordinary folk.
Just like us?
These ordinary folk
killed tens of thousands of
our Six Sects' disciples.
Their hands are stained red.
Nie Zhe and Mu Qingyan
are ruthless monsters.
They should've died together long ago.
That's too harsh..
Nie Zhe defies all order.
He deserves death for human trials.
But not everyone in the demon sect
is deserving of such condemnation.
Zhao,
why are you defending those devils?
Forgot how your aunt, Ms. Cai,
died?
How the Chang clan was wiped out?
You go out to gather some news
and come back forgetting
you're a Six Sects disciple.
I just think
good and evil aren't black and white.
Not all demon sect members are evil.
Likewise,
the Six Sects have
their share of scoundrels too.
(Zhuo)
Milady.
What's wrong?
You were fine when you left.
I want wontons.
Milady, didn't you say
you'd never eat wontons again?
Did I?
Alright.
Zhao.
Master.
I have something to tell you.
Come.
Sit down.
This time,
coming back from the Hanhai Mountains,
do you feel that
not everyone in the demon sect
is a monster?
Some might even be good at heart.
Remember when you were little,
the story Pingshu told you
about the skin-painted demon?
I remember that.
My aunt once said
the skin-painted demon
is a creature with a twisted face,
a bloodthirsty being without restraint.
It eats live human hearts and livers,
uses human skin to deceive people.
A skin-painted demon,
wearing human skin,
looks just like anyone else.
And they can seem even more
understanding
and caring
than real people.
Before showing its bleeding fangs,
it will watch operas with you,
taste wine,
chat and laugh by your side,
even wait two hours
outside Yipin Pavilion
just to buy a fresh roasted pigeon
to satisfy your craving.
But a demon is a demon.
It's a demon.
It feeds on human flesh
and drinks human blood.
Can you imagine it?
Your dearest friend...
I'm here.
Killed by the skin-painted demon,
dying with eyes wide open.
Master.
Jianghu is treacherous.
It's far more cruel
than you think.
Don't make your aunt
worry about you.
Aunt.
Is the skin-painted demon
Master talked about
the masked guy who went to
Snow Mountain with aunt?
Zhao.
You've always been obedient.
You must remember
what Master said.
A demon
always eats people.
Uncle Lei,
do you know the skin-painted demon?
The skin-painted demon…
I don't know who he is,
but I do know of him.
Were the skin-painted demon
and my aunt
definitely close?
Your aunt
never mentioned his name,
but one year
she asked Granny Needle Zhuo
to embroider a wrist guard.
From its size,
it was for a man.
But isn't Uncle Zhou doing well?
Yes, he is.
But they
can't make it work.
To be honest,
Uncle Zhou's character,
talents and family background
are great.
He and your aunt
were childhood sweethearts,
but
he never truly understood what Pingshu
wanted for her life.
He's gentle and compromising.
And when faced with injustice,
he endured and lets it pass.
Then he hoped others
would also take a step back
and find peace.
My aunt isn't one to swallow her anger.
She's like clear wind and blazing fire.
Clear wind caresses the mountains.
Blazing fire burns all demons.
Master.
Those words
were actually spoken by your Master.
My Master would say something like that?
Lord seems dull,
but he's brilliant within.
After the Righteous-Demonic War,
the Six Sects suffered heavy losses.
Yet within a short span of time,
your Master steadied the Six Sects
and intimidated the demon sect,
bringing peace to Jianghu
for over ten years.
What great strategy.
He brought up that story out of nowhere.
Is it because of Chang Ning?
How's the poison in his body?
Uncle's medicine
suppressed it temporarily.
He won't die.
Temporary suppression
means it'll come back.
From now on,
Zhao, you truly can let him go?
Pretend he never existed.
This time,
listen to your Master.
Fate
can't be forced.
Let it go when it's gone.
I'll go get a new one from Xingjia.
Mr. Mu,
don't be reckless!
The matter between Mr. Mu and Miss Cai
has unsettled the Li Sect.
Mr. Mu,
to hold the Chief's seat firmly,
you must marry a sect member
and have children
to stabilize people's hearts.
I think even the village chief's boar
could do that too.
Elder Yan, Why don't you
ask it to be Chief?
Mr. Mu,
are you still hung up on that Cai girl?
Not only
is she Cai Pingshu's niece,
but the Li Sect and Six Sects
have a 200-year-long blood feud.
Irreconcilable!
Remember
what happened to
the powerful
Chief Mu Donglie in the end?
Mr. Mu,
do you not remember it?
Mr. Mu, you…
Elder Yan, Elder Yan.
I just remembered
Shangguan got a jar of fine wine.
Let's go drink it all now.
– Let's go, drink.
– Mr. Mu.
I haven't finished.
Go, go, go.
Drink, Elder Yan.
- Come on.
- Why drink? Stop pushing.
- Let me go.
- Elder Yan.
For the grand future of Li Sect, I'll...
Elder Yan.
You really hit a nerve this time.
Miss Cai and the Young Master
are like the Cowboy and Weaver stars
in the sky now.
Separated by the celestial river,
each in sorrow.
Why do you have to hurt him?
Miss Cai
is probably hiding somewhere crying.
So many.
All for me?
Yuzhi said
thanks to you
finding the hot spring stone.
These small gifts
hardly express Uncle Song's gratitude.
Even ten times as much
would still be only fitting.
Indeed.
Yuzhi's inner power
has recovered seventy to eighty percent.
Unfortunately,
there's still some cold energy
in his dantian.
Hard to fully purge.
I'll definitely find the Jade Sunflower
for Yuzhi
to remove the remaining cold energy.
Father, don't worry.
Alright.
I don't worry.
Zhao,
you're young,
yet brave and sharp.
Truly worthy of being Pingshu's niece.
If only
you'd been betrothed
to Yuzhi, that'd be great.
Father.
I... I...
We should thank Zhao
for finding the stone to heal my cousin.
Zhao.
Here's nourishing soup
made by Nanny Mao.
You just returned from your travels.
Need to recharge.
Thank you, Lingbo.
Dear.
Dear, today,
why didn't you go pray?
I copied a scripture for you
in the temple.
Reading it can calm the mind
and ease the spirit.
It will aid your cultivation.
Thank you, Dear.
I heard from Shijun
that Yuzhi's inner power
has mostly returned.
So
why not double the joy?
With him here,
let's fix the kids' wedding
in the next few days.
Dear,
Nie Zhe has gone missing.
The demon sect has a new leader.
We don't know what the new Chief
thinks of the Six Sects,
or if he has any plans.
This may not be the best time.
Besides,
are Yuzhi and Lingbo
truly a good match?
Marriage
is decided by elders.
If we think they suit each other,
then they must be well matched.
As parents,
who wouldn't wish the best
for their children?
Lingbo,
where are you going?
I'm just in the way here.
Guess I'll go down
and carve out my own path.
Save
everyone the trouble.
The demon sect just finished infighting.
The situation is unclear.
Going down the mountain now
is too risky.
Why can Cai Zhao go down to find saliva
and rare stones,
but I can't?
Lingbo,
why compare yourself to her?
Do you think
I'm not as good as Cai Zhao?
Are you like Father
and cousin,
thinking she's the best?
In my heart,
you're the best.
Ten Cai Zhaos can't compare to you.
Cut the sweet talk.
I'm not a child anymore.
I know.
Lingbo, you have your own thoughts.
I won't stop you by force.
But if you want to leave the mountain,
you must first tell Master and Lady Yin.
I'll go with you.
Let's go together.
So
Lingbo plans to leave the mountain,
and it's because of Zhao.
Zhao first saved our sect,
then found a rare stone to heal Yuzhi.
No wonder Yuzhi was moved by her.
But I remember
Zhao already has a fiancé.
Why speak such plain truths aloud?
Don't stir more trouble in the sect.
Yuzhi.
Knew you two tried to elope.
Still not admitting it.
The whole sect's talking about it.
They said you and Zhao failed to elope
and were forced to come back.
Lingbo was so mad
she almost jumped off a cliff.
Luckily, Fengchi stopped her.
But
Yuzhi, don't let it
trouble you too much.
I think Lingbo
was just venting her temper.
If she truly wanted to end her life,
how could she be stopped so easily?
Besides,
Fengchi follows Lingbo
everywhere.
Everyone in Qingque Sect
knows how he feels.
This is the perfect time to tell Master.
Happy ending for everyone!
I think you and Zhao
are a perfect match.
Made for each other.
This time, you...
These absurd rumors
are bad for Zhao,
Fengchi
and Lingbo.
Looks like the whole sect
needs some discipline.
What's the big deal?
We all think you two make a fine pair.
Xingjia.
As for my marriage.
There's no need for the whole sect
to worry about it.
Zhao, why are you...
here?
Yuzhi and I are just pure friends.
We stay within bounds.
How could such nonsense about eloping
spread to sully our reputations?
Xingjia, it's fine you don't
investigate where the rumors started.
But you actually join in
with this nonsense.
It's unbearable.
Zh... Zhao.
I misspoke.
Don't be mad.
Rumors with no basis
always die down.
I'm afraid the rumors
are getting out of hand.
I heard
Yuzhi and Cai Zhao eloped together.
Is that true?
I also heard
she took on the demon sect alone,
no less than Ms. Cai back in her prime.
No wonder Yuzhi admires her.
Who? Who struck me from behind?
Early in the morning, you gossipers
are jabbering nonsense
and stirring up trouble.
How about I see
how your morning training's
coming along?
No, wait.
Cai Zhao, what are you doing?
Zhao just joined the Qingque Sect,
yet you already
exposed the demon sect's disguise.
Then spied on them
for half a month to gather intel.
Truly heroic.
I want to learn from you too.
Enough with the nonsense.
Cai Zhao!
Why use the Sunshine Blade
for a sect duel?
If you've got the skill,
attack together.
If not, stay out of my way.
Cai Zhao!
Don't push us too far!
You asked for this.
Zhao's 36th Form of the Sunshine Blade
are brilliant.
I humbly seek your guidance.
Yuzhi, please make your move.
Yuzhi's using himself as a punching bag
to let Zhao vent.
Zhao.
Yuqi.
Haven't seen you in days.
Zhao, your martial arts
have improved even more.
Congratulations on recovering, Yuzhi.
Yuzhi's skills truly
make you the top of
the Six Sects' new generation.
You flatter me, Young Lord Zhou.
Young Lord Zhou,
your fiancée is about to be taken away.
If I were you,
I'd duel him fair and square.
Utter nonsense.
Who'd buy that?
Fengchi, if you can't talk sense,
better sharpen your martial arts.
You okay?
I'm fine.
Zhou Yuqi's just here to
push for the wedding.
That guy usually
keeps a low profile.
Yet this time, he acted fast.
I told you long ago,
you and Lingbo aren't a good match.
I should've ended
the engagement for you.
Then I wouldn't be this anxious now.
But you
insisted on handling it alone.
You're too stubborn.
If you don't act soon,
Zhao will really marry someone else!
And then?
Then...
Then Zhao'll spend her wedding night
with that Zhou guy.
Red veil lifted.
Candles blown.
You'll regret it soon enough.
After word got out about
you going to the demon Sect,
Mother's been urging me to check on you.
I was worried
you'd be worn out from the trip,
all alone.
Now that I see you again,
you really lost weight.
On the eve of the Righteous-Demonic War,
Lord Zhou actually married Miss Min.
Even if your aunt was busy fighting evil
and never married,
he still jumped the gun, didn't he?
Lately,
I've been sorting through
my aunt's past.
I wonder if your mother, Lady Min,
was acquainted with my aunt.
Whether they ever
traveled somewhere together,
or met anyone special?
My mother has no time to go out.
Father's focused on developing weapons
and barely handles household affairs.
We have grandmother,
aunts,
uncles,
and uncles living under the same roof.
Their daily needs,
marriages, rituals
are all managed by Mother alone.
Whenever there are disputes
among the sisters-in-law,
it is Mother who settles them.
Social visits,
shop inventories,
accounting and petty affairs.
Mother handles it all.
Lady Min is truly capable.
Mother always says
Zhao is even more capable than she is.
Once you marry into Peiqiong Manor,
all this will be yours.
From now on,
you will be
the Manager of Peiqiong Manor.
What's wrong with you?
Your face looks a bit pale.
Tired?
A bit.
Yuqi, this time you came here.
Was it only to open a shop?
I'm here to discuss
our upcoming wedding
with Lord Qi and the elders.
Yuzhi,
has Young Lord Zhou
been properly settled?
Yuzhi, you're here for me?
On this demon sect trip,
as your senior brother,
I failed to protect you.
These handbooks
are Jianghu tales and Six Sects' news
I gathered
over the past half year.
And many demon sect techniques.
They might come in handy next time.
Thank you, Yuzhi.
You seems a bit down.
I just realized
that many things
are hard
to align actions with beliefs.
Zhao,
is this marriage
really what you want?
The Qingque Sect breakthrough.
The Bliss Palace battle.
I knew then
you were an eagle, not a sparrow.
You shouldn't be trapped
in a small space.
If your heart already hesitates,
why not find a better match?
What about you, Yuzhi?
Was your marriage what you wanted?
It's all right, don't worry.
Milady should be back soon.
Xiaolan?
Zhao, you're finally back.
I made all these pastries myself.
In a few days,
I'll return to the Siqi Sect.
So I came to say goodbye.
Thanks for taking care of me
at Qingque Sect.
Xiaolan.
Why are you leaving so soon?
Is something wrong at the Siqi Sect?
Nothing urgent, really.
Father called me back
to arrange a marriage.
You're still so young.
Why is your family rushing marriage?
You may not know this, Zhao.
My father's concubine is in charge.
She sees me as an obstacle in her way.
She's been urging Father
to marry me off early.
But since Lord Yang is your Father,
how can he treat you so unfairly?
How is that biased?
Father said he'd found me
a good husband's family.
As long as I obey him,
I'll live a worry-free life.
But my mother lived like that.
Followed every rule.
Obeyed father before marriage,
her husband after,
living by his word.
Remained faithful.
Yet she compromised all her life
and still met a bad end.
I saw it with my own eyes.
How can I believe
that by following parents' will
and the matchmaker's words,
I would find a perfect marriage?
The world acts like
marriage
is the only important thing for women.
Why can't women have
their own dreams and aspirations?
Ms. Cai made them come true.
Then why, in this world,
can't there be a second, a third,
countless others like Ms. Cai?
Aunt truly lived
a life of justice.
How will you handle it
after returning to Siqi Sect?
I'll try to negotiate with Father.
After all, marriage is a serious matter.
I need to follow my heart.
Zhao,
give your all in everything,
and act from the heart.
My Mother used to say
the hardest thing is to choose.
When faced with a tough decision,
count to ten,
calm down,
and listen to your heart.
Then you'll know what to do.
Zhao.
I'm leaving.
Take care, Xiaolan.
Zhao.
Why are you spacing out?
Get up to collect gifts.
What gifts?
Min.
Zhao.
These were all sent by Yuqi?
No.
They were arranged by Aunt.
After Yuqi left,
Aunt spoke of Yuqi and Zhao's wedding.
Aunt said
you've always had a mind of your own,
so you should check
the betrothal gifts yourself.
If anything's missing,
we can make up for it in time.
So
she sent me to bring them.
What a great husband's family.
Zhao,
you're so lucky.
Min.
Shouldn't my wedding
wait until I finish my training?
Why send the betrothal gifts so early?
Aunt cares for you
and hopes you'll marry soon.
Marriage is a joyful thing.
And my Mother said,
when Zhao weds,
the Qingque Sect must hold
a grand celebration.
Come, let's see the gifts.
This is the Mist Veil Canopy.
Hang it in the room on hot days.
The scent can keep mosquitoes away.
Yuqi has one in his chamber.
This is the Pine-Stone Inkstone.
It's made from cliff iron pine.
The ink smells fresh.
Yuqi loves using it to copy scriptures.
It calms the mind.
This is the Fox Down Garment.
It's made from
the softest down at a fox's neck.
Yuqi wears it
next to his skin in winter.
Wait.
At first, I only thought
Min was just closer to Mr. Mu.
But now it seems
your bond feels rather unusual.
How's a girl supposed to know what her
childhood friend wears underneath?
I don't even know what Yuzhi wears.
That kind of closeness.
Quite out of the ordinary.
Lingbo.
I grew up alongside Yuqi.
Naturally, I know what he likes.
With what you just said,
if someone with ill intent heard it,
who knows
what misunderstandings will arise?
You said it yourself.
How is it my fault?
What's wrong with Peiqiong Manor,
raising someone like you
who twists the truth?
You...
Lingbo.
My bad for talking too much!
Outdated goods.
I'm so furious!
That Cai Zhao.
I'm so mad.
Already grown this much,
yet still so reckless and rash.
It's all because Cai Zhao.
I tried to help her
deal with that Zhou clan's sister.
But her?
So ungrateful.
Zhou clan's sister?
Zhou Yuqi has a sister?
It's that Min Xinrou.
Cai Zhao really acts recklessly.
With Min Xinrou around,
she'll be in for trouble.
Mother.
I heard Min Xinrou's
parents died young.
She was raised by the Zhou clan.
And grew up with Zhou Yuqi.
That makes sense.
Their childhood bond
is hard to interfere with by outsiders.
No matter how glorious
Cai Zhao was before,
after marrying into the Zhou clan,
she'll be the mistress on the surface,
but secretly,
who knows what she'll be.
I've told you countless times.
You're a daughter of the Yin clan,
the future Lady of Qingque Sect.
Yet you spend your days
gossiping about others' private matters,
spreading comments and rumors,
aren't you afraid of losing your grace?
Mother,
why are you just like Father,
always speaking up for Cai Zhao?
It's because of you
that she's so reckless.
Mother,
with Cai Zhao's fiery temper,
once she marries into the Zhou clan,
she'll turn the Zhou clan upside down.
That's the least of it.
Their marriage itself
might fall through.
If their marriage really falls through,
Milady's marriage with Mr. Song
is bound to be affected.
No way!
What's yours is destined to be.
No one can take it.
But what's not
can't be forced.
Lingbo,
do you insist on this?
Madam has comforted Milady
several times.
If she really can't let go of Mr. Song,
why not
help her again?
Milady.
These hairpins and rings.
You rarely wear them when training.
It's a waste to keep them locked up.
Take whatever you like.
Thank you, Milady!
And these cloths, silk,
books, and medicinal herbs.
Where should I put them?
Whatever.
Up to you.
Cai Zhao.
What now, Lingbo?
Want another fight?
You still can't beat me.
Alright.
Everyone says you're clever.
But to me, you seem truly foolish.
Min Xinrou clearly...
She likes Yuqi.
You knew?
I'm not blind.
Then...
You don't mind?
You don't like Zhou Yuqi?
Cai Zhao!
Cai Zhao.
I hate your
detached attitude the most.
Your fiancé has such a
close female confidante.
Don't tell me
you'd feel nothing in your heart.
What if it were you, Lingbo?
What would you do?
Call off the engagement?
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪